Create rule S6218[kotlin]: Equals method should be overridden in data… (#311)
SonarSource/rspec: rules/S6218/kotlin/rule.adoc

> In data classes, the default behavior of the ``++equals()++`` method is to check the equality by field values. This works well for primitive fields or fields, whose type overrides ``++equals()++``, but this behavior doesn't work as expected for array fields.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In data classes, the default behavior of the `equals()` method is to check the equality by field values. This works well for primitive fields or fields, whose type overrides `equals()`, but this behavior doesn't work as expected for array fields.
```

> By default, array fields are compared by their reference, and overriding ``++equals()++`` is highly appreciated to achieve the deep equality check. The same strategy applies to the ``++hashcode()++`` method.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, array fields are compared by their reference, so overriding `equals()` is highly recommended to ensure a deep equality check. The same applies to the `hashcode()` method.
```

> This rule reports an issue if a record class has an array field and is not overriding ``++equals()++`` or ``++hashcode()++`` methods.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This rule reports an issue if a record class has an array field and is not overriding `equals()` or `hashcode()` methods.
```
